---
category: job
is_active: false
title: Mito
interval: November 2013 - December 2015
excerpt: Backend Developer
---

Mito is a digital agency where my team built web applications for one of the company's long-term clients.
We delivered solutions from CMS to services to cover all of their web-based solutions and appearances.
Another company handled the operation of the services and, at this point, the architecture was given by them (as my team joined the projects after them).
Team members and other work-related circumstances changed many times because there were many other clients to work for.
Therefore, we had to deal with the fluctuation by updating our workflow constantly and documenting every important aspects of our work.
As a result, we had to let go of applying any kind of agile framework as a whole, but only pick some of their methods for specific problems and create our own agile workflow.

Here, I'd like to emphasize that one of the applications needed to be able to serve numerous clients at a time with live data, as fresh as they can be.
Sorting and transformation in place were inevitable in most of the served responses, therefore, I chose Go as a more precise tool for this job.
With it, I got the chance to make the webserver part of the application and with parallel solutions (routines), I was able to share data from memory.
By the well-defined JSON structure, the application served every unit of data to the clients at the very moment when they got done, saving precious memory fields from allocation.

#git #yii #golang #PHP #Couchbase #NoSQL #workforclient #cooperation #ownCMS #ownworkflow #heavyload #streaming #memoryheavy #parallelprogramming
{:.fontbold .textleft}
