---
category: job
is_active: true
title: Magyar Jeti (444.hu)
interval: January 2018 - October 2019
excerpt: Backend Developer
---
I may have not learned that much while I was working here, though by applying what I have already done before, I had the opportunity to test my theories and principles and make them more precise and valid. Not to mention that I got to contribute to something very meaningful to me, as this company is one of the last independent news outlets in Hungary.  

My main focus was to design and launch the basics of a tailor-made e-commerce system to handle different kinds of products from donations to subscriptions through different payment gateways. It also had to produce invoices in a very customizable way to be able to apply the always changing taxation laws. And all of these had to be used easily by other applications with unknown load, therefore, I chose to separate every bigger chunk of functions into libraries and APIs. In which way, we set the functions free from frameworks and any other solutions and workarounds below the application level. So in the long run, these applications will always be able to keep their functionalities while the frameworks and transportation level solutions will be kept up-to-date or changed completely. Hence the unknown load and the already given well-separated code, we also separated our applications into microservices. The extensive time consumption of the maintaining of the microservices, we made skeleton applications with customized and very reusable libraries below application level so our microservices were able to communicate with each other from the very first moment.

#news #smallteam #ecommerce #microservices #architecture #wellseparated #futureproof #laravel #bitemporalDB
{:.fontbold .textleft}
